shibata updated readme to follow the Japanese (#4)
fujitake/k8slearn: k8s_fundamental/docs/EN/readme.md

## kubernetes environment used in Lab

  * First half - Lab will be operated in a single node cluster environment <del>with _Docker for Desktop_</del>.

>      * **Docker Desktop has started to charge from September 2021. As for the free environment, please refer to [Rancher Desktop](https://rancherdesktop.io/) or [Podman](../../../docs/jp/docker2podman.md)** (in Japanese).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * **Docker Desktop requires a paid subscription starting September 2021. For the free docker environment, please consider to [Rancher Desktop](https://rancherdesktop.io/) or [Podman](../../../docs/jp/docker2podman.md)** (in Japanese).
```
